2020 11 01 portal fields text (#53)
CONP-PCNO/conp-documentation: CONP_DATS_fields.md

We use the `DATS.json` file format to store metadata describing CONP datasets.  `DATS.json` is a flexible machine-readable structure allowing for sophisticated representation of a wide range of different types of datasets, from neuroimaging to genomics. A `DATS.json` file must be prepared for each dataset.  The information will be used to create your resource landing page on the CONP portal and will help other users to find your dataset.  The table below summarises required, recommended and optional fields. 

|Portal field name|DATS schema field|Status|Description|Portal help text|
|-|-|-|-|-|

> |Title|title|**REQUIRED**| The name of the dataset. |The name of the dataset. The title needs to be short and easily recognizable and searchable. If an acronym, please also provide the long name.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Title|title|**REQUIRED**| Name of the dataset. | Name of the dataset. The title needs to be short and easily recognizable and searchable. If there is an acronym, please also provide the long name.|
```

|Creators|creators|**REQUIRED**| The person(s) or organization(s) which contributed to the creation of the dataset. | The person(s) or organization(s) which contributed to the creation of the dataset. This can be the principal investigator, hospital, university, centre, clinic, etc. The first contact provided will be associated as the main contact for this dataset.|
|Description|description|**REQUIRED**| A textual narrative comprised of one or more statements describing the dataset.| A short paragraph providing a rapid overview of the dataset and the context of data collection. Suggestion of items to include in the description (if applicable): main use of the dataset, population studied, study design, sample size, data collected, methods, techniques, apparatus used to generate the data.|

> |Data types|types|**REQUIRED**| Terms to describe the nature of the data. | Terms to describe the nature of the data. Data type can be single or multiple. Add a term with the [interlex URI](https://neuinfo.org/interlex/dashboard) if possible.| 

Reviewer: @liamocn should that interlex URI be integrated in the data type field? Not idea if this is feasible but could be nice :)

Reviewer 2: That, I think, depends on whether we are absolutely sure interlex is the only source of terms we want to use here.

> |Version|version|**REQUIRED**| Provide the version number, or the release point of your dataset.|Provide the version number, or the release point of your dataset. Need to be a positive number. |

Reviewer: @PapillonMcGill maybe give some example of version here?

Reviewer 2: Also, that should be  "Need**s** to be a positive number"

Author: Done.

|Keywords|keywords|**REQUIRED**| Tags associated with the dataset, which will help in its discovery. We suggest entering at least 5 keywords, different from the datatype.|Tags associated with the dataset, which will help in its discovery. These should be well known terms by the research community. |
|Formats|distributions - format|**REQUIRED**| The technical format of the dataset distribution. Use the file extension or MIME type when possible. (Definition adapted from DataCite)Primary data files format (*example*: csv, nifti, txt, fasta).| The technical format of the dataset distribution. Use the file extension or MIME type when possible. (Definition adapted from DataCite).|
|Size|distributions - size|**REQUIRED**| Total size of the dataset.| The quantity of space required on disk (or other medium) for this dataset.|
|Units|distributions - unit|**REQUIRED**| Unit in which the size is measured.(*example*: GB)|Unit in which the size is measured.(MB -> MegaByte, GB -> GiGaByte, TB -> TeraByte and PB -> PetaByte). |

> |Access |||The information about access modality for the dataset distribution.|The information about access modality for the dataset distribution.|

Reviewer: I am not sure I understand that sentence. Maybe modify for

```suggestion
|Access |||The information about access modality for the dataset distribution.|Access information for the dataset distribution.|
```

Reviewer: @emmetaobrien thoughts on this?

Reviewer 2: At the moment we have precise descriptions for every field within `access` so I would suggest that we do not actually need this line.

Author: This is the help comment just under the 'Access' title., hence there is no DATS schema field.
I think it should be kept here or completely removed from the GUI

Reviewer 2: I would be for removing it from the GUI.

Author: removed!

> |Landing Page|distributions - access - landingPage|**REQUIRED**| Web address (URL) where the original dataset can be found.|An URL (Web page) that contains information about the associated dataset or other research object and a direct link to the object itself. |

Reviewer: I am not sure but I think it should be written a URL. @emmetaobrien I am not 100% sure regarding that. Could you confirm?

@PapillonMcGill I am not sure I understand the object part of the text. Could it be simplified by 
```suggestion
|Landing Page|distributions - access - landingPage|**REQUIRED**| Web address (URL) where the original dataset can be found.|A URL (Web page) that contains information about the associated dataset (with a link to the dataset) or a direct link to the dataset itself. |
```

Reviewer 2: I would favour "a URL" as well here.  And now that we have a different system in place for storing metadata about pipelines, I agree that we should cut the reference to other research objects.

Author: I kept "An" as URL is an abbreviation (proper grammar) even if we all say "a URL"
Other change done.

Reviewer 2: That's not actually proper grammar, though, because the distinction in English here is more complicated than just "before a vowel"; see for example https://preply.com/en/blog/how-to-use-english-articles/#scroll-to-heading-1.

Author: I see, I was sure that it was always "an" before an accronym. 
@emmetaobrien Thanks for the link to explantion.

> |Authorizations|distributions - access - authorizations| **REQUIRED**|Types of verification that accessing the resource is allowed. Authorization occurs before successful authentication and refers to the process of obtaining approval to use a data set. Ideally specified from a controlled vocabulary or ontology.|This must be one of "Public", "Registered" or "Private". When this field is absent the value will be treated as "Public". Public: available to anyone, Registered: available to user authorized by the creator, Private: available only to the creator.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Authorizations|distributions - access - authorizations| **REQUIRED**|Types of verification that accessing the resource is allowed. Authorization occurs before successful authentication and refers to the process of obtaining approval to use a data set. Ideally specified from a controlled vocabulary or ontology.|This must be one of "Public", "Registered" or "Private". When this field is absent the value will be treated as "Public". "Public" = available to anyone; "Registered" = available to user authorized by the creator; "Private" = available only to the creator.|
```

|Number of Files|extraProperties - files|**REQUIRED**| The number of files in the dataset.|Total number of files in the dataset. |
|Number of Subjects|extraProperties - subjects|**REQUIRED**| The number of subjects in the dataset.|Total number of subjects constituting the dataset.|

> |CONP Status|extraProperties - CONP_status|**REQUIRED**| CONP Status.| CONP: created using funding from the CONP, Canadian: created in Canada without CONP funding, External: created outside of Canada.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|CONP Status|extraProperties - CONP_status|**REQUIRED**| CONP Status.| "CONP" = created using funding from the CONP; "Canadian" = created in Canada without CONP funding; "External" = created outside of Canada.|
```

I would tend to add a little explanation before to explain what the CONP status is. Not sure what that sentence would be though. Maybe @emmetaobrien can help with that?

Author: I will add that it is used to set the flag on the dataset list.

> |Origin|extraProperties - origin|**REQUIRED**| Where the dataset was generated.  **EITHER** extraProperties-origin-institution **OR** extraProperties-origin-consortium **must** be specified.  Both **can** be specified, e.g. in the case of a named collaboration between different labs at the same institution.| The origin of this dataset. Please provide at least an institution or a consortium. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Origin|extraProperties - origin|**REQUIRED**| Where the dataset was generated.  **EITHER** extraProperties-origin-institution **OR** extraProperties-origin-consortium **must** be specified.  Both **can** be specified, e.g. in the case of a named collaboration between different labs at the same institution.| Name of the institution or consortium that generated the dataset. Both an institution and a consortium can be specified, e.g. in the case of a named collaboration between different labs at the same institution. |
```

|Consortium|extraProperties - origin - consortium|**REQUIRED IF** | a dataset was generated by a consortium; this is primarily, but not exclusively, for the case of datasets generated at multiple institutions.|Name of the consortium where this dataset was created (if applicable).|
|City|extraProperties - origin - city|**REQUIRED IF** | a dataset was generated by one institution, **OR** multiple institutions in the same city.|(Principal) city where this dataset was created.|
|Province|extraProperties - origin - province|**REQUIRED IF** |a dataset was generated by one institution **OR** multiple instutions in the same province (Canada) or state (US).  Not required for datasets generated in countries where this scale of distinction does not apply (eg, UK).|(Principal) province where this dataset was created.|
|Country|extraProperties - origin - country|**REQUIRED IF**| a dataset was generated by one institution, **OR** multiple institutions in the same country.|(Principal) country where this dataset was created.|
Derived From| |The sources this dataset is derived from.|The sources this dataset is derived from.|

> |Derived From|extraProperties - derivedFrom|**REQUIRED IF** | the dataset is a derived dataset, the URL of the dataset it is derived from is **REQUIRED**.  The original dataset must also be included as a submodule in the derived dataset.|The name of the source dataset this one is derived from.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Derived From|extraProperties - derivedFrom|**REQUIRED IF** | the dataset is a derived dataset, the URL of the dataset it is derived from is **REQUIRED**.  The original dataset must also be included as a submodule in the derived dataset.| Name of the source dataset used to generate this dataset.|
```

> |Parent dataset id|extraProperties - parent_dataset_id|**REQUIRE IF**| the dataset is a derived dataset, the parent dataset id (as specified in _conp_dataset/.gitmodules_) is **REQUIRED**.|The identifier (DOI) of the source dataset this one is derived from.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Parent dataset id|extraProperties - parent_dataset_id|**REQUIRE IF**| the dataset is a derived dataset, the parent dataset id (as specified in _conp_dataset/.gitmodules_) is **REQUIRED**.|Identifier (DOI) of the source dataset used to generate this dataset.|
```

|Authors|Primary Publications -> Authors||Authors of the publication.|Authors of the publication.|
|Affiliations|Primary Publications -> Authors -> Affiliations||Author affiliations.|Authors affiliations.|
|Date|Primary Publications -> Dates||Relevant dates for the publication. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date.|Relevant dates for the publication. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date (i.e.: first submission, final approval, date of publication, ...).|
|Identifier|Primary Publications -> Identifier|| Primary identifier for the dataset. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one.|Primary identifier for the publication. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one. |
|Identifier|Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Identifier|**RECOMMENDED**| A code uniquely identifying an entity locally to a system or globally.|A code uniquely identifying an entity locally to a system or globally.|

> |Identifier Source|Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Identifier Source|**RECOMMENDED**| Primary identifier for the publicationt. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one.|Primary identifier for the publication. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one. |

Reviewer: @PapillonMcGill I am not sure this one is correct. For example, if the DOI was generated by Zenodo, should this be Zenodo in that field? If that is the case, then this field does not hold the DOI but the creator of the DOI, no?

Author: This is for the DOI of a publication that the dataset was used to generate.

Reviewer: Right. What I meant was the there are the following fields:

1) Primary Publications -> Identifier
2) Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Indentifier
3) Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Indentifier Source
---
1) just the description of the identifier section of the DATS model (to be removed according to @emmetaobrien's comment [here](https://github.com/CONP-PCNO/conp-documentation/pull/53/files#r518957043). 
2) the actual identifier (DOI of the paper)
3) the organisation that created the DOI for the paper

But currently, 3) is described as where we should enter the DOI, which I don't think this is what it is. @emmetaobrien do you agree?

Author: Change coming  with next commit. It should clarify.

> |Dimensions|dimensions|**RECOMMENDED**| The different dimensions (granular components) making up a dataset. Providing dimensions give more details about the data types.|The different dimensions (granular components) making up a dataset. Providing dimensions give more details about the data types.|

Reviewer: I don't understand what that is. @PapillonMcGill @emmetaobrien

Author: Dimensions refer to each of the variables collected in the study. (i.e.: handedness, weight, number of time event X append per day,...)

Reviewer: I see. Might be worth giving examples there to clarify what is meant by dimension.

Author: excellent suggestion!

|Identifier|identifier|| Primary identifier for the dataset. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one.|Primary identifier for the dataset. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one. |
|Identifier|Identifier -> Identifier|**RECOMMENDED**| A code uniquely identifying an entity locally to a system or globally.|A code uniquely identifying an entity locally to a system or globally.|

> |Identifier|Identifier -> Identifier Source|**RECOMMENDED**| Primary identifier for the dataset. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one.|Primary identifier for the dataset. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one. |

Reviewer: same comment about the identifier source as above

Reviewer 2: And same comment as about "access"; if we have clearly defined description for each field I think the repetition in the description of a subheader line (like 41 here) is not useful.

Author: @cmadjar If using Zenodo, then the dataset should not have a DOI yet. After uploading, then the DOI generated by Zenodo could be added to the dats file (or the Zenodo process will add it IIRC)

@emmetaobrien same comment, I added every help comment on the GUI here so we have a single place as reference.

Reviewer: see reply to https://github.com/CONP-PCNO/conp-documentation/pull/53/files#r519925395

Author: same changes done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Identifier Source|Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Identifier Source|**RECOMMENDED**| Information about the organisation/namespace responsible for minting the identifier.| Information about the organisation/namespace responsible for minting the identifier. It must be provided if the identifier is provided.|
```

Author: Change made except for "Publication" as it is in the dataset section.

Reviewer: right. ooopsie ;)

|Contact|extraProperties - contact|**RECOMMENDED**| Contact information for this dataset.|Provide contact information (name and email address) of the person responsible for the dataset.| 
|Logo|logo|**RECOMMENDED**| Link to or provide a logo to display on your resource landing page.|Link to an URL for the logo or local filename containing the logo.

> |Dates|dates|**OPTIONAL**|  Relevant dates for the dataset. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date.|Relevant dates for the publication. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date (i.e.: first data collection, last data collection, date of first publication, ...) |<!--will later choose from a pulldown list--> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Dates|dates|**OPTIONAL**|  Relevant dates for the dataset. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date.|Relevant dates for the dataset. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date (i.e.: first data collection, last data collection, date of first publication, ...) |<!--will later choose from a pulldown list--> 
```

Author: Good catch. Cut and Paste are tricky in this densely populated array of field.

> |Produced By|producedBy|**OPTIONAL**| Process which generated a given dataset.|Process which generated a given dataset.|

Reviewer: Can you elaborate on this? What do you mean by process? What is the difference between this field and the creators field. Might be worth clarifying this.

Reviewer 2: `creators`  is for the people who generated the dataset.
`producedBy` is for the procedure used to generate the dataset, so valid values here might be things like "MRI" or "whole genome sequencing", or something more specific like a particular data-processing algorithm.

The ambiguity in the DATS model names has been an issue for a couple of the people providing our data so this one very much needs to be disambiguated.

Author: @emmetaobrien Do you have a suggestion?

Reviewer: How about something like that? @emmetaobrien @PapillonMcGill 

```suggestion
|Produced By|producedBy|**OPTIONAL**| Process which generated a given dataset. For example: a pipeline, a software... Note: person's name should go in the Creators fields.|Process which generated a given dataset.|
```

> |Is About|isAbout|**OPTIONAL**| Entities (biological entity, taxonomic information, disease, molecular entity, anatomical part, treatment) associated with this dataset.| |

Reviewer: missing information for this one. Might be worth explaining what is the difference between this field, the keyword field, data types and dimensions. I can see people being confused about what to put in those difference fields.

Reviewer 2: This is something that the DATS schema is flexible on, and where we do not have a clearly defined policy ourselves.  I have used `isAbout` to store taxonomic information for the species a dataset comes from, because there's not really anywhere else it reasonably goes.

Author: There is a taxonomy already done it the DATS schema, it refer to a sub schema. 
This is a place where we can easily populate the pull-down (coming in another PR).

it look like I forgot to make a copy-paste. now corrected.

|Acknowledges|acknowledges|**OPTIONAL**| Grant(s) which funded and supported the work reported by the dataset.| Grant(s) which funded and supported the work reported by the dataset.|

> |Spatial Coverage|spatialCoverage|**OPTIONAL**| The geographical extension and span covered by the dataset.|The geographical extension and span covered by the dataset.|

Reviewer: I don't understand the term 'geographical extension and span covered'.

Reviewer 2: This is relevant to datasets where the location of the original subjects is relevant.  For example if a research group in Ottawa carried out a study on data from patients in Montreal, this is where we would store the value "Montreal".

Author: I will add to the help file "i.e.: city, province, administrative region, ...)"

|Primary Publications|primaryPublications|**RECOMMENDED**| The primary publication(s) associated with the dataset, usually describing how the dataset was produced.| The primary publication(s) associated with the dataset, usually describing how the dataset was produced.|
|Title|Primary Publications -> Title||The name of the publication, usually one sentence or short description of the publication.|The name of the publication.|
|Publication Venue|Primary Publications -> Publication Venue||The name of the publication venue where the document is published (if applicable).|The name of the publication venue where the document is published (if applicable).|
|Authors|Primary Publications -> Authors||Authors of the publication.|Authors of the publication.|
|Affiliations|Primary Publications -> Authors -> Affiliations||Author affiliations.|Authors affiliations.|
|Date|Primary Publications -> Dates||Relevant dates for the publication. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date.|Relevant dates for the publication. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date (i.e.: first submission, final approval, date of publication, ...).|

> |Identifier|Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Identifier|**RECOMMENDED**| A code uniquely identifying an entity locally to a system or globally.|A code uniquely identifying the publication locally to a system or globally.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Identifier|Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Identifier|**RECOMMENDED**| A code uniquely identifying an entity locally to a system or globally.|A code uniquely identifying the publication locally to a system or globally. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one.|
```

> |Identifier Source|Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Identifier Source|**RECOMMENDED**| Primary identifier for the publication. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one.|Primary identifier for the publication unique identifier. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Identifier Source|Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Identifier Source|**RECOMMENDED**| Information about the organisation/namespace responsible for minting the identifier.| Information about the organisation/namespace responsible for minting the identifier. It must be provided if the identifier is provided.|
```

> |Dimensions|dimensions|**RECOMMENDED**| The different dimensions (granular components i.e.: handedness, weight, number of time event X append per day,...) making up a dataset. Providing dimensions give more details about the data types.|The different dimensions (granular components) making up a dataset. Providing dimensions give more details about the data types.|

Reviewer: Did you mean the following?
```suggestion
|Dimensions|dimensions|**RECOMMENDED**| The different dimensions (granular components i.e.: handedness, weight, number of time event X happened per day,...) making up a dataset. Providing dimensions give more details about the data types.|The different dimensions (granular components) making up a dataset. Providing dimensions give more details about the data types.|
```

> |Identifier|Identifier -> Identifier|**RECOMMENDED**| A code uniquely identifying the dataset locally to a system or globally.|A code uniquely identifying the dataset locally to a system or globally.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Identifier|Primary Publications -> Identifier -> Identifier|**RECOMMENDED**| A code uniquely identifying an entity locally to a system or globally.|A code uniquely identifying the publication locally to a system or globally. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one.|
```

Author: @cmadjar I changed "an entity" for "the dataset" to differentiate with "the publication" for the primary publication (line 36).

Could you confirm that I should use "entity" in both place?

Reviewer: Good catch! Thanks!

|Dates|dates|**OPTIONAL**| Relevant dates for the dataset. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date.|Relevant dates for the dataset. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date (i.e.: first data collection, last data collection, date of first publication, ...). |<!--will later choose from a pulldown list--> 
|Produced By|producedBy|**OPTIONAL**| Process which generated a given dataset. For example: a pipeline, a software... Note: person's name should go in the Creators fields.|Process which generated a given dataset.|
|Is About|isAbout|**OPTIONAL**| Entities (biological entity, taxonomic information, disease, molecular entity, anatomical part, treatment) associated with this dataset.|Entities (biological entity, taxonomic information, disease, molecular entity, anatomical part, treatment) associated with this dataset. |
|Acknowledges|acknowledges|**OPTIONAL**| Grant(s) which funded and supported the work reported by the dataset.| Grant(s) which funded and supported the work reported by the dataset.|

> |Spatial Coverage|spatialCoverage|**OPTIONAL**| The geographical extension or span (i.e.: city, province, administrative region, ...) covered by the dataset.|The geographical extension and span covered by the dataset.|

Reviewer: the example in here should go in the last column. 

```suggestion
|Spatial Coverage|spatialCoverage|**OPTIONAL**| The geographical extension or span covered by the dataset.|The geographical extension and span (i.e.: city, province, administrative region, ...) covered by the dataset.|
```

We use the `DATS.json` file format to store metadata describing CONP datasets.  `DATS.json` is a flexible machine-readable structure allowing for sophisticated representation of a wide range of different types of datasets, from neuroimaging to genomics. A `DATS.json` file must be prepared for each dataset.  The information will be used to create your resource landing page on the CONP portal and will help other users to find your dataset.  The table below summarises required, recommended and optional fields. 

|Portal field name|DATS schema field|Status|Description|Portal help text|
|-|-|-|-|-|
|Title|title|**REQUIRED**| Name of the dataset. | Name of the dataset. The title needs to be short and easily recognizable and searchable. If there is an acronym, please also provide the long name.|

> |Creators|creators|**REQUIRED**| The person(s) or organization(s) which contributed to the creation of the dataset. | The person(s) or organization(s) which contributed to the creation of the dataset. This can be the principal investigator, hospital, university, centre, clinic, etc. The first contact provided will be associated as the main contact for this dataset.|

Reviewer 2: I would say "that contributed" rather than "which contributed" in this line, can someone confirm whether that is correct North American English usage ?

|Description|description|**REQUIRED**| A textual narrative comprised of one or more statements describing the dataset.| A short paragraph providing a rapid overview of the dataset and the context of data collection. Suggestion of items to include in the description (if applicable): main use of the dataset, population studied, study design, sample size, data collected, methods, techniques, apparatus used to generate the data.|
|Data types|types|**REQUIRED**| Terms to describe the nature of the data. | Terms to describe the nature of the data. Data type can be single or multiple. Add a term with the [interlex URI](https://neuinfo.org/interlex/dashboard) if possible.| 

> |Version|version|**REQUIRED**| Provide the version number, or the release point of your dataset.|Provide the version number, or the release point of your dataset. Need to be a positive number. i.e.: 1, 1.2|

Reviewer 2: Should be "Need**s** to be"

|Dimensions|dimensions|**RECOMMENDED**| The different dimensions (granular components) making up a dataset. Providing dimensions give more details about the data types.|The different dimensions (granular components) making up a dataset. Providing dimensions give more details about the data types.|
|Identifier|identifier|| Primary identifier for the dataset. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one.|Primary identifier for the dataset. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one. |
|Identifier|Identifier -> Identifier|**RECOMMENDED**| A code uniquely identifying an entity locally to a system or globally.|A code uniquely identifying an entity locally to a system or globally.|
|Identifier|Identifier -> Identifier Source|**RECOMMENDED**| Primary identifier for the dataset. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one.|Primary identifier for the dataset. Provide a *Document Object Identifier (DOI)* if you have one. |
|Contact|extraProperties - contact|**RECOMMENDED**| Contact information for this dataset.|Provide contact information (name and email address) of the person responsible for the dataset.| 

> |Logo|logo|**RECOMMENDED**| Link to or provide a logo to display on your resource landing page.|Link to an URL for the logo or local filename containing the logo.

Reviewer 2: Make this "a URL" also, for consistency.

Author: Same comment as higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Logo|logo|**RECOMMENDED**| Link to or provide a logo to display on your resource landing page.|Link to a URL for the logo or local filename containing the logo.
```

Author: done.

|Dates|dates|**OPTIONAL**| Relevant dates for the dataset. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date.|Relevant dates for the dataset. If you provide a date, it must come with a description of the date (i.e.: first data collection, last data collection, date of first publication, ...). |<!--will later choose from a pulldown list--> 
|Produced By|producedBy|**OPTIONAL**| Process which generated a given dataset.|Process which generated a given dataset.|
|Is About|isAbout|**OPTIONAL**| Entities (biological entity, taxonomic information, disease, molecular entity, anatomical part, treatment) associated with this dataset.| |
|Acknowledges|acknowledges|**OPTIONAL**| Grant(s) which funded and supported the work reported by the dataset.| Grant(s) which funded and supported the work reported by the dataset.|
|Spatial Coverage|spatialCoverage|**OPTIONAL**| The geographical extension and span covered by the dataset.|The geographical extension and span covered by the dataset.|

> The DATS dataset schema can be found [here](https://github.com/CONP-PCNO/schema/blob/master/dataset_schema.json), and the `DATS.json` file from the visual-working-memory dataset [here](https://github.com/conpdatasets/ds001634/blob/master/DATS.json) can be used as a template. A graphic interface allowing users to fill in fields online is under development [here](https://dats-creator.herokuapp.com/).

Reviewer 2: At this point I suggest cutting the last sentence here and replacing it with a link to the actual GUI.

Author: Excellent point!
